docs: add Kurtosis deploy to the docs (#51)
hyperlane-xyz/docs: deploy/deploy-hyperlane.md

  },
```

## 3. Run validators and relayers

> We've partnered with [Kurtosis](https://www.kurtosis.com/) to offer a smooth validator and relayer deployment experience through [Kurtosis Cloud](https://cloud.kurtosis.com/). This section of the guide will walk you through how to deploy a validator and relayer using the no-code, Kurtosis Cloud UI that connects a Goerli to Polaris. 

Reviewer: typo ` that connects a Goerli to Polaris. `

> We've partnered with [Kurtosis](https://www.kurtosis.com/) to offer a smooth validator and relayer deployment experience through [Kurtosis Cloud](https://cloud.kurtosis.com/). This section of the guide will walk you through how to deploy a validator and relayer using the no-code, Kurtosis Cloud UI that connects a Goerli to Polaris. 

Author: ```suggestion
We've partnered with [Kurtosis](https://www.kurtosis.com/) to offer a smooth validator and relayer deployment experience through [Kurtosis Cloud](https://cloud.kurtosis.com/). This section of the guide will walk you through how to deploy a validator and relayer using the no-code, Kurtosis Cloud UI that connects Goerli to Polaris. 
```

If you wish to read more about validators and relayers, check out our docs on these topics at [Validators](../operators/validators/ "mention") and [Relayers](../operators/relayers/ "mention").

For feedback or questions about using Kurtosis in this section, please file a [Github Issue](https://github.com/kurtosis-tech/kurtosis/issues/new/choose) or start a [Github Discussion](https://github.com/kurtosis-tech/kurtosis/discussions/new?category=q-a). Alternatively, the Kurtosis team is available for technical support on their [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/jJFG7XBqcY) as well.

### Log in to Kurtosis Cloud to provision an instance

To begin, visit the [Kurtosis Cloud website](https://cloud.kurtosis.com/) (direct link: https://cloud.kurtosis.com/) and sign in with Google. 

> If this is the first time you're using Kurtosis Cloud, Kurtosis will automatically begin provisioning a remote cloud instance for your validator and relayer (see screenshot below). This should take no longer than 3 minutes.

Reviewer: `This should take no longer than 3 minutes.`
Nit, I'd be less specific with the time: `Provisioning should take only a few minutes`

Author: ```suggestion
If this is the first time you're using Kurtosis Cloud, Kurtosis will automatically begin provisioning a remote cloud instance for your validator and relayer (see screenshot below). Provisioning should take only a few minutes.
```

The next screen will be the Kurtosis Package catalog: a collection of runnable packages that anyone can write and use. Start typing "hyperlane" in the search box and you will see the Hyperlane package appear, with the format: `github.com/kurtosis-tech/hyperlane-package`. Go ahead and select that and choose "Configure" in the bottom of your screen.

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/kurtosis-hyperlane-package-select.png" alt=""><figcaption><p>Select the Hyperlane package to configure and deploy</p></figcaption></figure>

### Configure and deploy your relayer and validator
You're almost done! Its now time to configure your relayer and validator. 

In this guide, you will check the `Restart services` box, fill in only the required fields, and will an example configuration value. When deploying Hyperlane for your own project, please use your own configuration values and any of the optional fields as you see fit. For this example, the following `agent_config.json` file will be used:

TODO: Add Sepolia to agent_config.json

<details>

<summary>Here is the example `agent_config.json` used in this section:</summary>

> ```json

Reviewer: I think a full config here may be overwhelming since they're so long. Also why does the config mix anvil and real testnets?

Author: Hey @jmrossy - spoke to Nam and Avi about this too and we decided that they would take the lead on revamping the docs and including Kurtosis in the new version. 

Original rationale: earlier parts of the guide include examples of deploying contracts to local Anvil network and setting up communications with real testnets like Goerli and Sepolia ([source](https://docs.hyperlane.xyz/docs/deploy/deploy-hyperlane#deploy)). To stay consistent, I opted to include those same networks. 

I am okay with removing the full configuration file and agree that it is overwhelming.

          "mailbox": "0xCC737a94FecaeC165AbCf12dED095BB13F037685",
          "interchainGasPaymaster": "0xD2d856Cd4158577b9C7b3628DCa2B2680D8d6Fff",
          "validatorAnnounce": "0x3Fc742696D5dc9846e04f7A1823D92cb51695f9a"
        },
        "protocol": "ethereum",
        "finalityBlocks": 2,
        "index": {
          "from": 8039005
        }
      },
      "anvil": {
        "name": "anvil",
        "domain": 31337,
        "addresses": {
          "mailbox": "0x74756B469390CAee600F332184895ACbf86C4396",
          "interchainGasPaymaster": "0x9368C1f2B6BE2869018622a9aB43a5D8ED27Fba2",
          "validatorAnnounce": "0x177B784C94d85f6645a35BfD14175D44045e573f"
        },
        "signer": null,
        "protocol": "ethereum",
        "finalityBlocks": 1,
        "index": {
          "from": 17
        }
      },
      "sepolia": {
        "name": "sepolia",
        "domain": 11155111,
        "addresses": {
          "mailbox": "TODO",
          "interchainGasPaymaster": "TODO",
          "validatorAnnounce": "TODO"
        },
        "protocol": "ethereum",
        "finalityBlocks": 2,
        "index": {
          "from": "TODO"
        }
    }
  }
}

```
</details>

> The below screenshot is an example configuration to show case how you would fill in the fields. Once you're all finished filling in the details, select `Run` on the bottom right!

Reviewer: typo: showcase one word

> The below screenshot is an example configuration to show case how you would fill in the fields. Once you're all finished filling in the details, select `Run` on the bottom right!

Author: ```suggestion
The below screenshot is an example configuration to showcase how you would fill in the fields. Once you're all finished filling in the details, select `Run` on the bottom right!
```
